# predicitons 

before the test are done i belive that the Logistic Regression model will be faster and produce a better score because the structore of this test is to see if a loan will fall in to one or two catigoties approved or not.
where the Random Forest Classifier model is better used for multiple decision trees

# Outcomes 

both the modles worked very well, both scoring in the uptter 99's with Logistic Reggression Model (LRM) scoring (99.4%) and Random Forest Classifier model (RFCM) scoring (99.2%) with a diffrence of only 0.2% favoring the (LRM). but the major diffrence is the amount of time the (RFCM) took to complete comepared to the (LRM), with the  (LRM) finishing in under a second the (RFCM) took over 13.1 seconds, with speed favoring the (LRM) in both catigoties score and spped the (LRM) is the better choice out of the to


# Supervised Machine Learning Homework - Predicting Credit Risk

In this assignment, you will be building a machine learning model that attempts to predict whether a loan will be approved or not. 

## Background

Lending services companies allow individual investors to partially fund personal loans as well as buy and sell notes backing the loans on a secondary market. This data will be used to determine whether a borrower is creditworthy and should be issued a loan. 

You will be using this data to create machine learning models to classify the risk level of given loans. Specifically, you will be comparing the Logistic Regression model and Random Forest Classifier.

## Instructions

### Retrieve the data

The data is located in the Resources folder.

* `lending_data.csv`

Import the data using Pandas.

## Consider the models

You will be creating and comparing two models on this data: a logistic regression, and a random forests classifier. Before you create, fit, and score the models, make a prediction as to which model you think will perform better. You do not need to be correct! Write down your prediction (in markdown cells in your Jupyter Notebook or in a separate document), and provide justification for your educated guess.

## Fit a LogisticRegression model and RandomForestClassifier model

Create a LogisticRegression model, fit it to the data, and print the model's score. Do the same for a RandomForestClassifier. You may choose any starting hyperparameters you like. Which model performed better? How does that compare to your prediction? Write down your results and thoughts.

## Rubric

[Unit 19 - Supervised Machine Learning Homework Rubric](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1eZcQul7s2gy6h9flygyPdajSPUtqOQUuGL1XXcuX6p4/edit?usp=sharing)

### References

Loan Approval Dataset (2022). Data generated by Trilogy Education Services, a 2U, Inc. brand, and is intended for educational purposes only.

- - -

© 2021 Trilogy Education Services, a 2U, Inc. brand. All Rights Reserved.



